distinct_count_estimator aka HyperLogLog++ (#429)
NVIDIA/cuCollections: README.md

#### Examples:
- [Host-bulk APIs (TODO)]()

### `distinct_count_estimator`

> `cuco::distinct_count_estimator` implements the famous [HyperLogLog++ algorithm](https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/research.google.com/de//pubs/archive/40671.pdf) for approximating the count of distinct items in a multiset/stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cuco::distinct_count_estimator` implements the well-established [HyperLogLog++ algorithm](https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/research.google.com/de//pubs/archive/40671.pdf) for approximating the count of distinct items in a multiset/stream.
```

#### Examples:
- [Host-bulk APIs (TODO)]()

### `distinct_count_estimator`

`cuco::distinct_count_estimator` implements the well-established [HyperLogLog++ algorithm](https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/research.google.com/de//pubs/archive/40671.pdf) for approximating the count of distinct items in a multiset/stream.

#### Examples:
- [Host-bulk APIs](https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuCollections/blob/dev/examples/distinct_count_estimator/host_bulk_example.cu) (see [live example in godbolt](https://godbolt.org/z/EG7cMssxo))

> - [Device-ref APIs](https://github.com/NVIDIA/cuCollections/blob/dev/examples/distinct_count_estimator/device_ref_example.cu) (see [live example in godbolt](https://godbolt.org/z/va8eE9dqb))

Author: Note to myself: Update these links once the PR is ready to be merged.

Reviewer: Is the note still valid?
